020793693

A three year old female that was, running across some, wet concrete. Slipped on some water and, struck the back of her head and immediately was rendered unconscious. Was unconscious for approximately three minutes on the scene, where the bystanders and the motorists said that she was not breathing. we got this as a working code. by the time we got there it was not a working code. she was lying down but fully conscious and crying. She was fighting us for, putting on the neck... the collar, but while we were doing that she did have a brief period of unconsciousness. by the time we got her on the backboard and in the back of the unit now she has, she has gone what I would call completely unconscious. she's only rousable with, relatively hard rubbing on her stern. She will rise, grim a good bit and cry out, but as of right now, would call her completely unconscious. I did my little head to toe and I didn't see any obvious trauma although they said she did hit the back of her head. from what I could see I did not see anything on the back of the head, but, we should pretty much, go with that. That she hit the back of the head and that's the reason why she is, unconscious at the present time. Right now vitals are stable: 97 over 57, she's 87 on the monitor, normal sinus rhythm. she's breathing fine. she has not thrown up, no nausea or vomiting at the present time. pupils are equal and reactive. I'm going to get an IV going with her, and just giving you a heads up that this is going to be a, Priority 2, Priority 1 trauma consult I think she was just, flat when they found her. She was actually, it was witnessed that she had fallen by the mother, and, it was witnessed that she was unconscious for about two or three minutes. but she was not in either one of those, and she has not demonstrated..., right now her unconsciousness is, is a flat but unconscious. Normal sinus rhythm She's in, she's a little bit tachy, she's going up to a little bit tachy. Now she's at about 96. She goes between about 96 and 100, especially when I, when I try to rouse her, she gets more tachy. So, everything else is normal at the present time.
